add faq about Problems with Calico NetworkPolicy deployment with Kubeadm (#462)
kubernetes-sigs/metrics-server: FAQ.md

Default 60 seconds, can be changed using `metrics-resolution` flag. We are not recommending setting values below 15s, as this is the resolution of metrics calculated within Kubelet.

## Known issues

#### Problems with Calico NetworkPolicy deployment with Kubeadm

After adding `--kubelet-insecure-tls` and `--kubelet-preferred-address-types=InternalIP` arg in metrics-server container in [metrics-server-deployment.yaml](deploy/kubernetes/metrics-server-deployment.yaml), 

> the following problems occur when performing `kubectl top nodes` operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Network problems

Metrics server needs to contact all nodes in cluster to collect metrics. Problems with network would can be recognized by following symptoms:

When running `kubectl top nodes` we get partial information. For example results like:
```

Reviewer: Same problems can happen even without `--kubelet-insecure-tls` and `--kubelet-preferred-address-types=InternalIP`

Author: agree

```
NAME         CPU(cores)   CPU%   MEMORY(bytes)   MEMORY%     
k8s-node01   59m          5%     1023Mi          26%         
k8s-master   <unknown>                           <unknown>               <unknown>               <unknown>               
k8s-node02   <unknown>                           <unknown>               <unknown>               <unknown>         
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Not needed

kubectl get pods --all-namespaces -owide | grep metrics

```
kube-system   metrics-server-75b5d446cd-6pm5w            1/1     Running   0          42m   IP    k8s-node01   <none>           <none>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In logs we will see problems with fetching metrics from Kubelets, in particular errors will include `dial tcp 192.168.17.152:10250: i/o timeout`
```

> kubectl logs -n kube-system metrics-server-xxxxxxxxx-xxxxx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl logs -n kube-system -l k8s-app=metrics-server --container metrics-server
```

```
unable to fully collect metrics: [unable to fully scrape metrics from source kubelet_summary:k8s-master: unable to fetch metrics from Kubelet k8s-master
(192.168.17.150): Get https://192.168.17.150:10250/stats/summary?only_cpu_and_memory=true: dial tcp 192.168.17.150:10250: i/o timeout, 
unable to fully scrape metrics from source kubelet_summary:k8s-node02: unable to fetch metrics from Kubelet k8s-node02 (192.168.17.152):
Get https://192.168.17.152:10250/stats/summary?only_cpu_and_memory=true: dial tcp 192.168.17.152:10250: i/o timeout
```

> This is a Network problem. You can check whether the value of `CALICO_IPV4POOL_CIDR` in the calico.yaml conflicts with the local physical network segment. The default: `192.168.0.0/16`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Known solutions:
* **[Calico]** Check whether the value of `CALICO_IPV4POOL_CIDR` in the calico.yaml conflicts with the local physical network segment. The default: `192.168.0.0/16`.
```

Default 60 seconds, can be changed using `metrics-resolution` flag. We are not recommending setting values below 15s, as this is the resolution of metrics calculated within Kubelet.

## Known issues

#### Network problems

Metrics server needs to contact all nodes in cluster to collect metrics. Problems with network would can be recognized by following symptoms:

When running `kubectl top nodes` we get partial information. For example results like:
```
NAME         CPU(cores)   CPU%   MEMORY(bytes)   MEMORY%     
k8s-node01   59m          5%     1023Mi          26%         
k8s-master   <unknown>                           <unknown>               <unknown>               <unknown>               
k8s-node02   <unknown>                           <unknown>               <unknown>               <unknown>         
```

kubectl get pods --all-namespaces -owide | grep metrics
```
kube-system   metrics-server-75b5d446cd-6pm5w            1/1     Running   0          42m   IP    k8s-node01   <none>           <none>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
